News for release 2.0:
This release adds RawSpeed - a new much faster raw loading library, support
for DNG camera profiles, tethered shooting, a loupe, a nice little navigator
view, color prpofiles for almost 300 cameras, a denoise filter, LensFun
based lens correction, a tagging system, lots of performance improvements
and many many bugfixes and small improvements.

Mews for version 1.2:
This release adds a lot of small incremental improvements like sorting
photos based on various photo data, more verbose tooltips for thumbnails
and threaded loading of thumbnails and the usual swarm of bugfixes.

News for version 1.1.1:
This is a bugfix release fixing bug 221, 222, 223, 227, 230.

News for version 1.1:
This release adds the much needed EXIF-awareness! We have added support for
a lot of new cameras and the usual truckload of bugfixes.

News for version 1.0:
This release adds a new sharpen-tool, exporting to GIMP for further editing,
a nice in-window directory selector with optional recursive loading, the
GUI has been spiced up to look much more modern, Rawstudio has been
translated to more than 10 languages and as usual a ton of bugfixes and
minor enhancements!

News for version 0.7:
This release finally adds demosaic allowing photographers to work with and
export photos at full resolution. We got nicer Cairo-based graphics and a
ton of bugfixes as usual.

News for version 0.6:
This release adds the much awaited curve-tool and supprt for DNG-files and
more cameras. Rawstudio now remembers the state of the GUI and a progressbar
is added for slow operations. Adjustments can be added to multiple files in
one operation and finally we got a lot of shiny new icons.

News for version 0.5.1:
This release fixes numerous minor bugs.

News for version 0.5:
This release has a lot of new features like batch processing, crop and 
straighten tools. There has also been added support for a lot more camers,
support for 16 bit export, more output formats and last of all various GUI 
enhancements.

News for version 0.4.1:
This release fixes a nasty bug when loading images on non 32bit x86.

News for version 0.4:
This release adds much needed color management with Little CMS, more sensible
defaults when opening photos from Canon/Nikon cameras, lots of small
improvements and even a shiny new icon.

News for version 0.3:
This release adds better zoom, tooltips, for camera whitebalance and native
thumbnail support for most supported cameras, saving in more file formats,
one-key export, many cosmetic enhancements and bugfixes.

News for version 0.2:
Local cache directory, support for older glib. Lots of code cleanups. Many
bugfixes.

New features for version 0.1:
Preference dialog, fullscreen mode, whitebalance-adjustment, xml settings
cache, photo-sorting, runtime mmx/sse/3dnow-optimization - more speed!,
basic exif-reading, native thumbnail reading for some cameras, exposure mask,
copy/paste settings, nice graphics - many bugfixes and much more.
